# FlashSolve
FlashSolve is an open source Constrained Random Verification (CRV) tool. CRV is a testing methodology, used in both software and hardware, that aims to systematically generate test stimulus (test cases) to feed into the System Under Test (SUT). This is a much more robust and powerful approach to testing than manual testing, scenario-based testing, snapshot testing, or unit testing. By systematically defining the input space for the SUT using a mathematical constraint language, then using a constraint solver to exhaustively test the SUT using inputs from the input space, or to randomly sample inputs in case the input space is too large for exhaustive testing.

Our project aims at enhancing the solution generation process for SystemVerilog (SV) constraints. The motivation behind this project is to develop an open-source tool that can be utilized by a wide range of users. SystemVerilog, a hardware description language (HDL), contains a sub-language for constraint definition and random variable definition, and SV runtimes contains an embedded solver for this constraint language. Our project aims to be such a solver, in stand-alone form that can be embedded in any SV runtime or toolchain.

By combining the power of ANTLR, the .NET runtime, and the state-of-the-art Z3 SMT solver, Our project offers a versatile and user-friendly tool for generating random solutions to SV constraints. The open-source nature of this project ensures accessibility, fostering further advancements in the field of hardware description languages and constraint solving techniques.

Our project is architected as an additional layer on top of Z3, implementing various innovative techniques for random sampling of SMT constraints. These techniques include a naive approach, Max-SMT, Universal Hashing, and a hybrid approach that combines these techniques. By incorporating these enhancements, we are able to sample random solutions by guiding the Z3 solver to random subsets of the input space (i.e. in a black-box fashion, with no modification of the solver itself), thereby significantly improving the solution generation process.
